Improve MacOSX Installation page (#7744)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/Books/Manual/Installation/MacOSX.md

Installing ArangoDB on MacOS
============================

ArangoDB under MacOS can be installed via:

1. [Homebrew](#homebrew)
2. [_DMG_ Package](#package-installation)

> 3. [_tar.gz_ Archive](#installing-using-the-archive) (starting from v.3.4.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [_tar.gz_ Archive](#installing-using-the-archive) (starting from v3.4.0)
```

The Homebrew installation is updated a few days after the
official release of a new version.
{% endhint %}

If you are using [_homebrew_](http://brew.sh/),
then you can install the latest released stable version of ArangoDB using *brew* as follows:

```
brew install arangodb
```

This will install the current stable version of ArangoDB and all
dependencies within your Homebrew tree. Note that the server will be
installed as:

```
/usr/local/Cellar/arangodb/3.4.0/sbin/arangod
```

You can start the server by running the command `/usr/local/Cellar/arangodb/3.4.0/sbin/arangod &`.

Configuration file is located at

    /usr/local/etc/arangodb3/arangod.conf

The ArangoDB shell will be installed as:

```
/usr/local/Cellar/arangodb/3.4.0/bin/arangosh
```

You can uninstall ArangoDB using:

```
brew uninstall arangodb
```

However, in case you started ArangoDB using the _launchctl_, you
need to unload it before uninstalling the server:

```
launchctl unload ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.arangodb.plist
```

Then remove the LaunchAgent:

```
rm ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.arangodb.plist
```

{% hint 'tip' %}
If the latest ArangoDB version is not shown in Homebrew, you

> also need to update Homebrew executing the command `brew update`.

Reviewer 2: please add something along the line: 
We push new ArangoDB Versions directly to Homebrew; However it may take a bit for a PR to be accepted.

Installing using the archive
----------------------------

> Starting from v.3.4.0 a _tar.gz_ package is also available for MacOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v3.4.0 a _tar.gz_ package is also available for MacOS.
```
